chore: Finetune automatic changelogs (#840)
Amsterdam/design-system: documentation/publishing.md

## Conventional commits

In order to know whether a release is major, minor or patch and to automatically generate changelogs, we use the [conventional commits spec](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

> In our PR titles, we specify whether a change is a fix (patch), a new feature (minor) or a breaking change (major).
> If you want to make a change without triggering a new release, use the `chore` prefix.
> 
> Note: Only use this prefix when updating development dependencies, changing configuration or updating documentation which isn't about a component.
> For refactors, regular dependency updates or updates to documentation about components, use the `fix` prefix.
> 

Reviewer: I suggest using a list and moving the empty line to make this easier to scan:

```suggestion
The titles of our PR’s specify whether a change is:

 * a `chore`, which doesn’t trigger a release
 * a `fix`, resulting in a patch release,
 * a new feature (`feat`), a minor release, or
 * a breaking change (`feat!`), a major release.

Use the `chore` prefix when updating development dependencies, changing configuration or updating documentation which isn't about a component.
For refactors, regular dependency updates or updates to documentation about components, use the `fix` prefix.
```

Reviewer: Reading the last two sentences makes me wonder whether we should introduce two different prefixes for dependencies (or something more general to include e.g. CI) and documentation after all.

Documentation is an essential part of a library; we shouldn’t swipe new non-component docs under the rug.

And an actual bug fix is something different than a dependency update. Consumers will be very interested in the former, not so much in the latter.

Reviewer: > Hm, do you think a change to say coding-conventions.md is relevant for the consumers of our packages? Same goes for dev dependencies, if it doesn't change the code or docs we ship, it's irrelevant, no?

Oh no, not the ‘internal’ docs. I was thinking of pages like our design guidelines on grid, typography etc.

> True, but semver doesn't really offer room for that distinction I think. Any change to the code we ship which doesn't add a feature or breaks backwards compatibility is considered a patch release.

Certainly. I was envisioning the change log, where I think separate headings or lists for documentation and dependencies might be in order. How about that?

Author: > Oh no, not the ‘internal’ docs. I was thinking of pages like our design guidelines on grid, typography etc.

Those aren't part of packages we publish, so changes to them won't trigger a release anyway. Only changes to files in `packages/*` and `proprietary/*` trigger a release.

> Certainly. I was envisioning the change log, where I think separate headings or lists for documentation and dependencies might be in order. How about that?

Yeah, definitly, we could use [scopes](https://gist.github.com/qoomon/5dfcdf8eec66a051ecd85625518cfd13#scopes) for that. We would need to decide on a list of scopes to make them meaningful, I think. The proposed change in this PR already takes care of a part of that, Dependabot PRs should get a scope of `deps`

Reviewer: > Those aren't part of packages we publish

Oh yeah, of course.

> we could use scopes for that

Great.
